Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create an internal API tocome from HTTP requests in previous lessons
we have implemented, sign in and sign up methods.
But these methods will work for only guests and default users.
What if we need a spare user, for example?
We can create a user, but the role of the user is user.
But we also want to change the user role to admin because our system also has this functionality.
So how can we provide it?
We can directly change it from the database or we can create a super user.
And with this user we can handle it.
You order to change it from the database is not user friendly so we can implement it.
We are super users.
How will our spare user work?
We will describe a specific secret key for super users.
If we sent the secret key as an authorization header, our system will be authorized.
So we will use a predefined JWT token for super users.
Now let's implement it.
To do it, we will create the internal API authentication filter class under the security package.
To handle requests or to filter request on JOA or sibling sibling presents, lots of HTP filters, and
these HTP filters work in change.
Of course, lots of chains can work together.
We should use one spiritualised filter vosbury kerstetter guarantees to be just executed.
It purchased the two filter implementations elitist attribute for already filtered proceeding without
filtering again.
If the attribute is already that actually we talk about it before in the previous lessons, then we
will extend once, just filter vosbury, just filter presents.
Lots of methods, but especially Malmesbury.
Koskela describes defiance and obstruct the filter internal.
Its implementations will contain the code to execute by a given filter.
If the filter hasn't been applied in filter methods, we can access HTTP request and responses and we
can also filter change as a parameter.
Then we will override the do filter internal method.
In this method we will generate authentication from ETP request.
But first of all, we need to describe an access key force per user.
We will have an access key and authorization will be provided with this key.
Let's describe it in application properties.
We can describe it as an authentic internal appetite.
For now.
We can assign some random secular content.
Then we will call it from authentication filters, but we can send it externally from being creation.
Now, first of all, let's create a constructor for it.
This constructor will expect excessed key as a parameter.
Our field of class will be a sprint component, so we should create a beam for it.
We can handle it from security.
Contiki.
We will create a new bin for internal authentication filters and as a parameter, we will send an access
key from application properties.
So first of all, let's call the access key variable from the application properties with value annotation.
Then we can create our filter be.
OK, now we can pass the authorization, Heather, and we can create an authentication object, first
of all, we will extract the authentication key from the header to handle it.
We already have a method on security.
You talk so directly, we can call it.
Then this Heather really should be the same with access key, if it is not the same with the internal
security, we will return exception for it.
Also here, we can create some logs, Lombok Library also provides lodging with a set of fauji annotation
so we can use it directly.
Then we will create a special user for security, our security user is user principle, the only way
to describe it in previous lessons.
Now we will create a method on it for better use of our method.
Name can be created per user.
As a result, we will return to user principle.
The role of super user will be system manager so we can handle it, be against authority provider.
Then we will be able to use in principle object.
Here we can create a random user idea and user name.
Those will be only for placeholders here.
The most important thing is the role of the user.
Then we will call it from internal field.
Now our user principle is ready, finally, sibling should know the authenticated user, so to handle
it, we should inform the security context.
But the security context expects an authentication token.
So first of all, we should convert user principle to authentication.
Spring security provides username password authentication token to handle it.
Username password authentication token is a provider for authentication objects.
Then we will set skippering security context authentication.
Really, after finding the authentication, we will specify the user in the security context.
And so we will say to security.
OK, the user is authenticated successfully.
Finally, we will return to filter requests and response.
OK, now we have created our filter, but we should also include it in the authentication filter, Jane.
Let's do it in the next lesson.
That's all for this lesson.
Thank you.